Bedrock for Integrated Composer and WordPress (#7577)
pantheon-systems/documentation: source/content/guides/wordpress-composer/08-faq-integrated-composer-wp.md

---
title: WordPress with Integrated Composer on Pantheon
subtitle: Integrated Composer with WordPress FAQ
description: Get answers to your Integrated Composer with WordPress questions.
categories: [develop]
tags: [wordpress]
contributors: [whitneymeredith]
layout: guide
showtoc: true
permalink: docs/guides/wordpress-composer/faq-integrated-composer-wp
anchorid: faq-integrated-composer-wp
---

This section provides questions to frequently asked Integrated Composer with WordPress and Bedrock questions.

## Is Integrated Composer for WordPress using Bedrock compatible with Multisite?

Bedrock is compatible with [Multisite](/guides/multisite/). However, you might need to do extra work to ensure that admin URLs work correctly on subdomain installs. You can use the `roots/multisite-url-fixer`  mu-plugin to assist you with this work. Run the command below in your Bedrock directory:

```bash{promptUser: user}

> composer require roots/multisite-url-fixer

Reviewer: I'd modify this section based on the [Known Issues](https://pantheon.io/docs/guides/wordpress-composer/wordpress-composer-managed#known-issues) with the WordPress Composer Managed upstream.

```

<Alert title="Note"  type="info" >

> Subdirectory Multisite is not currently compatible with Integrated Composer using Bedrock.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Subdirectory Multisite is not currently compatible with Integrated Composer using WordPress Composer Managed.
```
